Summoning Prosperity
by Lhatsün Namkha Jikme

kyé, jalü dorjé chökü yang ra dir
Kye! In the prosperity field of dharmakāya, the indestructible rainbow body,
ö nga magak jazer tiklé yang
We summon the prosperity of spheres and rays of rainbow light, unceasing, in five colours,
nang shyi ösal khachö ying né khuk
From the space of the four visions, the celestial realm of clear light!
jalü powa chenpö ngödrub tsol
Grant us the accomplishment of the rainbow body of great transference!

gurü bé yul pawo daki ling
From the hidden lands of the Guru and islands of ḍākas and ḍākinīs,
khoryuk tamché lha dang lha mö gang
Where the whole environment is filled with gods and goddesses,
choktün ngödrub chi sam yangkhuk chik
We summon the prosperity of the supreme and ordinary accomplishments and whatever we desire!
tsé pal sönam gyepé ngödrub tsol
Grant us the accomplishments of increasing life, splendour and merit!

si shyi dögur pungpé yang ra dir
In this prosperity field where all the desirable objects throughout existence and quiescence
are amassed,
gyenden ché truk shyönnü lha sol gang
And which is filled with handsome youths in all their finery, performing offerings,
bunor chi sam dögü yangkhuk chik
We summon the prosperity of offspring, wealth and whatever we desire!
püntsok paljor ngödrub tamché tsol
Grant us all the accomplishments of bountiful glory and riches!

yang chang tashi dadar chemar dang
We offer the drink of prosperity, auspicious silken arrows, and buttered flour,
sipé lhachen gyepé chödzé bul
And all the offerings that delight the great gods throughout existence.
pu né nöjin ché ngé nor yangkhuk
From above, let the five yakṣa brothers bring us wealth and prosperity!
da né tsomen tenmé ngödrub tsol
From below, let the tsomen and tenma grant us accomplishments!
bar né dü tsen barwa pün dün dang
From in-between, let the dü and tsen, the seven blazing brothers
kyé chok dorjé lekpé samdön drub
And the supreme being Dorje Lekpa bring all that we wish for!
yul chok di la tashi palbar dang
In this very land and location, let auspiciousness and glory blaze
karpö damchö darwé trinlé dzö
And your activity of spreading the wholesome Dharma be performed!

shyiwé lé dzé jang sem den nam kyi
Let those with bodhicitta, who perform pacifying activity
nedön dikdrib shyiwé trinlé dzö
Heal all illness, harmful influences, negativity and obscurations!
gyepé lé dzé rinchen rik nam kyi
Let those of the ratna family, who perform enriching activity
tsé dang sönam gyepé ngödrub tsol
Grant us the accomplishment of increased life and merit!
wang gi lé dzé pemé rik nam kyi
Let those of the padma family, who perform magnetizing activity
kham sum wang du düpé ngödrub tsol
Grant the accomplishment of bringing the three realms under our control!
drakpö lé dzé lé kyi rik nam kyi
Let those of the karma family, who perform subjugating activity
dragek tsarchö nüpé ngödrub tsol
Grant us the capacity to annihilate the forces that oppose us and obstruct us!
samdön malü drubpé ngödrub tsol
Whatever we wish for, without exception—grant us the accomplishment to bring it all about!

This practice of summoning prosperity was composed by Lhatsün Namkha Jikme.

| Translated by Adam Pearcey, 2013. Alak Zenkar Rinpoche kindly provided the text and clarified
its meaning.

Version: 1.1-20210623